Added description for LogPipeline.unsupportedMode (#15196)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/observability/obsv-04-telemetry-in-kyma.md

    An output is a data destination configured by a [Fluent Bit output](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs) of the relevant type. The LogPipeline supports the following output types:

    - **http**, which pushes the data to the specified http destination.

>     - **grafana-loki**, which pushes the data to the kyma-internal Loki instance. Note: this output might not be compatible with latest Loki versions. For that, use the `custom` output with name `loki` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **grafana-loki**, which pushes the data to the Kyma-internal Loki instance. Note: This output might not be compatible with latest Loki versions. For that, use the `custom` output with name `loki` instead.
```

  output:
    ...
```

> > **NOTE:** Usage of a `custom` filter will put the LogPipeline in [unsupported mode](#limitations-unsupported_mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Usage of a `custom` filter will put the LogPipeline in [unsupported mode](#unsupported-mode).
```

| filters | []object | List of [Fluent Bit filters](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/filters) to apply to the logs processed by the pipeline. Filters are executed in sequence, as defined. They are executed before logs are buffered, and with that, are not executed on retries.|
| filters[].custom | string | Filter definition in the Fluent Bit syntax.|
| output | object | [Fluent Bit output](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs) where you want to push the logs. Only one output can be specified. |

> | output.grafana-loki | object | [Fluent Bit grafana-loki output](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/v2.2.x/clients/fluentbit/). Note: this output might not be compatible with latest Loki versions. For that, use the `custom` output with name `loki` instead.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| output.grafana-loki | object | [Fluent Bit grafana-loki output](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/v2.2.x/clients/fluentbit/). Note: This output might not be compatible with latest Loki versions. For that, use the `custom` output with name `loki` instead.|
```

| conditions[].lastTransitionTime | []object | An array of conditions describing the status of the pipeline.
| conditions[].reason | []object | An array of conditions describing the status of the pipeline.
| conditions[].type | enum | The possible transition types are:<br>- Running: The instance is ready and usable.<br>- Pending: The pipeline is being activated. |

> | unsupportedMode | bool | Whether the LogPipeline makes use of a `custom` output or filter, see [unsupported mode](#unsupported-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| unsupportedMode | bool | Is active when the LogPipeline uses a `custom` output or filter; see [unsupported mode](#unsupported-mode).
```

Currently there are the following limitations for LogPipelines that are served by Fluent Bit:

### Unsupported Mode

> Usage of a `custom` filter or output enables direct access to the API of the underlying Fluent Bit configuration. As not every feature provided by Fluent Bit can be tested fully, a LogPipeline using custom filters or outputs will run in an `unsupported mode`. Also, full compatibility cannot be guaranteed over releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a `custom` filter or output, you directly access the API of the underlying Fluent Bit configuration. Because Kyma cannot test every feature provided by Fluent Bit, a LogPipeline using custom filters or outputs runs in `unsupported mode`. Also, Kyma cannot guarantee full compatibility over subsequent releases.
```
